Hi and thank you for Purchasing
Simple Skin Shader for Unity.

The material settings for this shader are as follows:

NEW MATERIALS - FEBRUARY 2019

Skin Shader 2

Base SSS Glow - An overall glow based on the main SSS Color-weight Map
Direct Scatter - Subsurface scatter when lights is directed on the face
Back Scatter - Typical sub-surface scatter from the back, the ear and thin parts driven from the Alpha of the SSS Color-weight Map
Fuzz - A general Fresnel effect around the edges
Fuzz Color - Tint the fuzz
SSS-BaseColor-Weight - The main texture for SSS , Alpha contains the weight (Thickness map)		-	RGBA	TARGA 32bit
Albedo - Main colors
Albedo-Color - Tint and offset the main texture
Normal Map - The Main normal Map
Normal Bump Scale - 0 to 2 , 1 is neutral (default), Use this too boost or reduce the normal map
Curvature - Use this to convey extra porosity or scattering
Curvature Power - A contraster slider for extra push of the curvature map.
Metal-Gloss - The Main metal-Gloss Map , Gloss is contained in the Alpha channel.	-	RGBA	TARGA 32bit
Smoothness Adjust - Typically for making a surface look wetter or drier over an above the Gloss map		

Please note that this shader is highly dependant on a Directional light for it's effect to take place.
Point lights are difficult to manage in a shader of this kind so had to be overlooked to keep performance as the main focus.

You will need to create various materials depending on your scene or lighting setup as one materials settings may not work well in
all lighting conditions. Please see the video on Unity Asset Store that covers this pack.

Need more help?
Contact me@robertramsay.co.uk

Please get in touch with me before submitting a review that may reflect an issue you are having. I am always able to make new shaders
and adjustments that suit your project.

This shader was created with Amplify Shader in Unity 2017.1.0f3

-----------
Simple Candle Shader

Scatter Add - The amount of scatter drived via the SSS_Color-Weight(A) Map, Thickness is stored in the Alpha channel -	RGBA	TARGA 32bit
Albedo - The main color or AO
Albedo Color - Tint of the Main Albedo Texture
Normal Map - Normal Map Texture
Normal Bump Scale - 0 to 2 , 1 is neutral (default), Use this too boost or reduce the normal map
Metal-Gloss - The Main metal-Gloss Map , Gloss is contained in the Alpha channel.	-	RGBA	TARGA 32bit
Smoothness Adjust - Typically for making a surface look wetter or drier over an above the Gloss map		
CandleLightColor-Power - To simulate the light affecting the candle, the Power is affected by the Alpha Value.

Need more help?
Contact me@robertramsay.co.uk

Please get in touch with me before submitting a review that may reflect an issue you are having. I am always able to make new shaders
and adjustments that suit your project.

This shader was created with Amplify Shader in Unity 2017.1.0f3

-----------

The best way to learn is to adjust sliders, then rotate the directional light.
Toggle the reflection probe when you can so that it updates any scene reflection data.
Setting the reflection proble to Real-Time - On awake is a good way to see how things look in game.
SSS depends on a main directional light, the directional light with the highest intensity will be used.

--------------

Thank you for your support.
Robert Ramsay - RRFreelance

------------
Previously:


OLD MATERIALS
-------------
[Translucency]
Strength: How strong the effect is
Normal Distortion: The Shift off to the edge the effect is
Scattering Falloff: Lower values means more area covered
Direct: How much affect direct lights have on the effect
Ambient: How much ambient lights have an effect of it
Shadow: How much shadows play a role in the overall effect
SSS-Multiply: A Pre-multiplied effect on the Translucency tetxure map
SSS-Add: A premultiplied add on the Translucency map after multiplication above.
BaseGlow: Self Illumination using the current Albedo and or color.

[Textures]
Albedo: The base colour Texture
Color: A color tint or tone to use
SSS: Your thickness or translucency texture
SSS-Tint: You can alter the tint of the SSS effect
Normal: Your normal map
Metal(R)-Smooth(G): A texture packed texture where Metalness is
in the Red Channel and Smoothness(or Gloss) is in the Green channel.
Metalness_Add: Additional/Subtractional Metalness value overall
Smoothness_Add: Additional/Subtractional Smoothness value overall
-----------------

Any more requests based on this shader, I will be happy to provide
variations of this texture depending on your needs, all you have to 
do is get in touch be email: me@robertramsay.co.uk

Many Thanks!



